Add dataset introductions to lectures (#148)
fhdsl/DaSEH: modules/Data_Classes/Data_Classes.Rmd

## Class conversion in with a dataset

> Here's a dataset on the covid viral load measured in wastewater between 2022 and 2024, collected by the collected by the National Wastewater Surveillance System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a dataset on the SARS-CoV-2 viral load measured in wastewater between 2022 and 2024, collected by the collected by the National Wastewater Surveillance System.
```

Let's look at the *first_sample_date* variable
* records the first time samples were collected at a site

```{r, results='hide'}
library(dasehr)
covidww <- covid_wastewater %>%
  select(contains("first_sample_date")) %>%

>   sample_n(10)

Reviewer: - [ ] Is `sample_n` described earlier? Use instead of `slice_sample`
